Add `no-unknown-custom-media` (#7594)
stylelint/stylelint: lib/rules/no-unknown-custom-media/README.md

# no-unknown-custom-media

Disallow unknown custom media queries.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
@custom-media --sm (min-width: 40rem);
/**             ↑
*   This custom media query name */

@media (--sm) {}
/**      ↑
*   And this one */
```

> This rule considers custom media queries defined within the same source to be known.

Reviewer: +1 for emphasis

The [`message` secondary option](../../../docs/user-guide/configure.md#message) can accept the arguments of this rule.

## Options

### `true`

The following patterns are considered problems:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
@media (--sm) {}

@media (--sm), (min-width: 40rem) {}
```

The following patterns are _not_ considered problems:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
@custom-media --sm (min-width: 40rem);

@media (--sm) {}

> @media (--sm), (min-width: 40rem) {}

Reviewer 2: minor

This rule makes no sense: you have the same media query twice.
Maybe change it to `@media (--sm), (man-height: 40rem) {}`?

# no-unknown-custom-media

Disallow unknown custom media queries.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
@custom-media --sm (min-width: 40rem);
/**             ↑
*   This custom media query name */

@media (--sm) {}
/**      ↑
*   And this one */
```

This rule considers custom media queries defined **within the same source** to be known.

The [`message` secondary option](../../../docs/user-guide/configure.md#message) can accept the arguments of this rule.

## Options

### `true`

The following patterns are considered problems:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
@media (--sm) {}

@media (--sm), (max-height: 40rem) {}
```

The following patterns are _not_ considered problems:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
@custom-media --sm (min-width: 40rem);

@media (--sm), (max-height: 40rem) {}
```

> > [!NOTE] `@custom-media` can be used before its defined

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The `@custom-media` rule can be used before its declaration
```
